# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

In the console.rb file instances of the property class are instantiated very time .new is called on the property classes.

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

In the save function found inside the property.rb file.

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

The three lines where intances of the property class are saved modify the database as they update those instances.

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
  Because the id is self-incrementing so we dont need to define it at any point.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

  In the initialize function the id is assigned as an instance variable for the Property object.

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?
  New entries do not have an id before they are added to the table so the guard
  is needed so that an error is not encountered when dealing with ID-less instances

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?
  CRUD actions that are only called on one instance of the class i.e. delete_one
  are instance methods as they are not meant to be called on every instance of the class.
  Class methods, on the other hand, are meant to apply to every instance of the
  class when called.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?
  An array of the data is returned. we access the id by accessing the index position
  of the instance we want and then the id number afterwards.
  i.e. [0]["id"]

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
In order to protect against sql injection attacks. They prevent hackers from
inputing sql code that could damage our database.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?
The ID and address of the property they are looking for.

Q11. What are their return values?
A hash of the instance of the property class that matches the id or address.
